Add 3 Sites (#56)
wdhdev/free-for-life: data/Artificial_Intelligence.md

| [Bing Chat](https://bing.com) | You can ask complex questions, find comprehensive answers, get summarized information, find inspiration to build upon all in a side-by-side view, with no need to flip between tabs. |
| [ChatGPT](https://chat.openai.com) | ChatGPT is an artificial intelligence chatbot developed by OpenAI and launched in November 2022. It is built on top of OpenAI's GPT-3 family of large language models. |
| [Google Gemini](https://gemini.google.com) | Google Gemini is a assistant like ChatGPT, but you can upload photos and for free and it can access the internet. Successor of Google Bard. |

> | [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co) | Hugging Face is a platform that allows you to discover, create and develop language models in artificial intelligence. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co) | The platform where the machine learning community collaborates on models, datasets, and applications. |
```
